you know what is it a good time? Thio express personal relationships or
personal history with your team. Let's say you can always go have
a cup of coffee with you. You're leading to petty officer dolls weeding
the officer. You know, in the first week when you're trying when
you got aboard and introduce spying arm, head to your team. Okay? You're
going to sit down, have a cup of coffee and discuss, You know,
the past Would you believe is the person you need to know is the person
who you believe is that person still on board the ship? If the
person is still on board the ship, you need to know that. So you could
go ask that person. What did he or she like? What he or she accomplished
what he or she leave unaccomplished. You're going back to arrest.
Get it out. You'll only find that out by talking. Did you see?
Awesome! So that's one of things that you could dio is is talk to them